[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats
formed an alliance with Law
and launched an attack
on the Warlord, Doflamingo,
who had a firm grip on
the Kingdom of Dressrosa.
In one harrowing
battle after another,
the Straw Hats and
their allies defeated
each of the Don Quixote
Family Executives,
until at last...
[yelling]
Look to the sky, Dressrosa!
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
[DOLDO]
The Birdcage is gone.
[GYATS]
The winner is...
...Lucy!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
[crying]
Lucy.
[LUFFY]
"The Unheard-of!
Admiral Fujitora's
Surprising Decision!"
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
Yeah!
All right!
He really took down
Doflamingo! Aww yeah!
We have freedom in Dressrosa!
He took care of the bad man!
That's right! We're free! [sobs]
Oh, Gyats!
I'm fine. What matters is...
...Lucy pulled off
a miracle for us!
Doflamingo's reign
of terror is over!
Cuh-lick.
[BURGESS panting]
Where d'you think you're going?
Aren't ya gonna finish me off?
[SABO]
No need.
[BURGESS]
Huh?
Think we're just about
good here, don't you?
[chuckles] You brothers
are a buncha softies.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL B ringing]
You wanna hear what Ace said
right before we handed
his ass over to the Navy?
It was after our captain
thrashed him on Banaro Island.
I'll tell ya.
[REVOLUTIONARY A]
Hey, hurry it up!
The clash between Straw Hat
and Doflamingo's over!
The Navy's gonna
be on their way!
I know, stop!
[REVOLUTIONARY A]
Did you contact the chief?
Not yet! I've been trying to.
[ringing]
[REVOLUTIONARY A]
He's not picking up.
[REVOLUTIONARY B]
He only answers when
he's feeling chatty.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL C ringing]
[chuckles] I think you'll
get a real kick outta this!
[chuckling]
Once he realized he
was gonna get executed,
and I remember it
clearly. He said...
[ACE]
Don't tell my brother.
[chuckles] What a dumbass!
He had no idea just how much
weight his name carried!
[BURGESS chuckles]
What a naive moron that kid was.
Of course, the Navy
would run with that story.
"Heroically, they brought the
vile Fire Fist Ace to justice!"
That's enough. Shut your mouth.
Bastard. All I can think about
are his final moments.
It has haunted me
every single night
since the day that he died.
[SABO] You don't have to tell me
because I already know.
[BURGESS]
That's right! Lose your cool!
I won't let that Devil Fruit
slip out of my grasp this time!
I'd be a disgrace to my crew
if I came back empty handed!
I'll be taking it
one way or another!
[BURGESS] Sounds like you're
full of regret, huh?
What'd all that status
and power get you in the end?
You couldn't even use it
to save your own brother!
Where the hell were ya
when it all went down?
Were you catching some z's
or something? [chuckles]
You weren't there for him
when he needed you most,
yet you called yourself
family! Pathetic!
[BURGESS cackles]
I will not be weighed down
by regrets any longer!
Fire Fist!
Dammit!
[BURGESS screams]
I was gonna leave ya, but Ace
here said you deserved it.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL C ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL C]
Cuh-lick.
Oh! Hello, Sabo?
Where are you right now?
I noticed that Burgess
was heading towards Luffy!
Figured you'd like to
know that tidbit of info,
so I've been trying to call you!
[SABO]
Yeah? Well, who cares?
[KOALA]
What?
[SABO] Don't worry. I took
care of that ape already.
[KOALA]
Huh?
Anyway, did you happen to
find the list yet, Koala?
[KOALA]
Ugh! Yes, I did!
Cool. Let's call
the ship and head b--
[KOALA]
Already did!
[SABO] Fine. Let's meet up
with Hack underground then.
[KOALA] I'm with him!
We're waiting on you!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL C]
Cuh-lick.
Did that jackass just
hang up on me?
Please don't take it
out on me, Miss Koala!
[MARINE A]
Over here!
[MARINE B] We've found
the Don Quixote Family!
[MARINE B] We've got eight
Executives. And, I think...
[MARINE B]
Yes! The top three as well!
[MARINE C]
Take caution!
We believe most of them
have Devil Fruit Powers!
[MARINE C] Use Sea Prism
Stone just in case!
[MARINES]
Yes, sir!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
It's surreal to see
a pirate group
of their reputation taken down.
[BABY 5]
Good work. My darling.
Huh? What's with you?
[BABY 5 giggles]
[SAI]
You stay right here with me.
[BABY 5]
Okay.
Whoa! What do you think
you're doing? Get off me!
Distance yourself,
woman! Right now!
Do you know if we called HQ yet?
Where are they?
[MARINE E]
Well, actually. Not yet.
Issho instructed us
to delay a bit.
Huh?
[MARINE F]
Vice Admiral Maynard!
The Video Transponder
Snail is ready!
All right, lemme have it.
Go grab another one and
meet with the Admiral.
And follow Issho's
orders to the letter!
[MARINES]
Sir!
[BOYS giggling]
Are we safe, mommy?
[TOWNSWOMAN B sighs]
We are now.
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile,
at the nearby Applenine Island.
Uh, this is weird.
What the hell?
[APPLENINE C] I heard it's a
transmission from Dressrosa!
Bet it's a speech
from King Doflamingo.
Oh boy.
[MAYNARD]
Report from Dressrosa.
[APPLENINE gasps]
[MAYNARD] We're broadcasting
this important declaration
to anyone who can
receive this message.
I am a Vice Admiral
from the Navy HQ!
The name's Maynard!
[ISLANDER A]
The Navy?
Report from Dressrosa.
We're broadcasting this
important declaration
to anyone who can
receive this message.
Why though?
[MAYNARD] Please take a look
at the following images.
[ISLANDERS murmuring]
[ISLANDER C]
Huh? Are those piles of rubble?
What you see behind me is
the current state of Dressrosa!
[APPLENINE gasps]
What happened there?
I'm sure you're all surprised,
but we must spread
the harrowing tale,
and tell of the actions
that transpired here!
Keep calm and listen carefully.
I will detail the events that
took place this afternoon
involving the Warlord,
Doflamingo. Ready?
[MAYNARD]
Issho. I hope you are.
[TOWNSPEOPLE chattering]
We are begging you, King Riku!
It took some time
for the truth to get out.
As mute toys, we were
unable to speak up!
We all know you were controlled!
Doflamingo forced you to commit
all of those violent acts!
[TOWNSWOMAN C]
Nobody blames you!
[TOWNSPEOPLE chattering]
[DOLDO] No. I cannot.
Please respect my wishes.
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
Even with the
misunderstanding absolved,
I cannot return to the throne.
[TOWNSMAN V] But you're the only
ruler worthy to lead Dressrosa!
[TOWNSWOMAN C]
He's right!
We're done with
all this violence!
Please, King Riku!
We share your vision of a
peaceful future! We beg you!
[TOWNSMAN J] We want to go back
to when times were calm!
That's something all the money
in the world can't buy!
Your Majesty!
You have to reconsider!
[TOWNSPEOPLE chattering]
[DOLDO]
Hold your pleas.
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
Under pressure,
the Riku Family ideals shatter.
Has that not been proven by now?
[TOWNSMAN K]
We don't care if we fall!
For the chance at being
a bloodless nation,
we're happy to risk it!
We want a king
who will resist wars!
And we know you're
the man for the job!
That's right.
Even if it results in failure,
we'll take that chance!
Who cares if we're poor!
Just make Dressrosa a peaceful
kingdom like we used to be!
Please, King Riku!
Listen to the cries
of your people!
[TOWNSPEOPLE chattering]
There's no one better
suited to lead us!
[ELIZABELLO laughs]
As the "Fighting King,"
I'm not used to this.
Elizabello!
[GUARD A] King Riku! Please
return to the palace at once!
There's a bunch of
incoming calls
from our neighboring nations!
They'd like to talk!
But, to me?
[ELIZABELLO laughs]
Well, I took it upon myself
to get the word out to people.
When I told them King Riku
would be returning,
they all seemed overjoyed.
[GUARD A]
The king of Prodence?
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
Surely you haven't
changed that much
in a mere decade, my friends.
What happened to the old you?
The man who'd give
a firm stink-eye to anyone
even thinking about
waging war, huh?
[ELIZABELLO]
They're all waiting on him.
Come back to the throne.
King of Miracles,
Riku Doldo the Third!
[FUJITORA] You friend's
a smart man there, King Riku.
[APPLENINE murmuring]
The Navy Admiral!
This entire mess is
Doflamingo's doing.
I would hate to see you shoulder
the responsibility alone
for the error in his judgment.
That crooked pirate
was unfit to rule,
but thanks to a
broken arrangement
with bunch of convicts,
the Seven Warlord
System failed you.
Sadly, Dressrosa was
forced to pay this price
by the blood-stained hands
of us! The World Government.
[FUJITORA]
People of the kingdom,
and members of the royal family.
[FUJITORA]
On behalf of the Government,
allow me to offer my
most humble of apologies.
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
[TOWNSPEOPLE murmuring]
With deep regret, we've done
you a terrible disservice.
What's this about?
[APPLENINE gasps]
Admiral Issho's
actually kneeling?
[ISLANDER D]
I'm shocked!
[ISLANDER E]
Now, this is wild!
The Navy works directly
under the Government
and one of their highly
respected officials
is on the ground
apologizing to King Riku!
What happened over
there in Dressrosa?
The fall of the "Heavenly Demon"
was due to some pirate alliance?
Take notes!
Don't miss any details!
I've never seen anything
like this before!
[NARRATOR] The false prosperity
of the mighty Dressrosa,
the unsavory secrets
that they held,
the downfall of
Don Quixote Doflamingo,
the world's most notorious
Black-Market Broker,
and the Navy HQ
Admiral Fujitora's
heartfelt prostration.
[NARRATOR] All of these
truths have been freed
from the Birdcage.
[NARRATOR]
And for better or worse,
they have been unleashed
upon the entire world.
[NARRATOR] Admiral Fujitora's
humbling gesture
sends ripples
throughout the world.
But that's not
the only breaking story.
Luffy and Law's defeat of
the infamous Doflamingo
is also causing
quite a commotion.
When word reaches
the other members
of the Worst Generation,
they make their own plans
to topple the Emperors.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Sending a Shock Wave!
The Worst Generation
Goes Into Action!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!